One thing that struck me as backward is that they charge $10 per 24 hours of internet usage in certain guest rooms .
 The rooms are in pretty shabby condition, but they are clean .
 The rooms are spacious and have nice views, I was NOT impressed with the mattress and every, little, tiny thing costs money .
 The rooms look like they were just remodled and upgraded, there was an HD TV and a nice iHome docking station to put my iPod so I could set the alarm to wake up with my music instead of the radio .
 Strange, we thought, since we had booked conceirge level rooms .
 The rooms were cleaned spic and span every day .
 When I got to the room, I thought the new rooms would have a plasma since the website implies the new rooms would have them, but I guess those come later   .
Very impressed with rooms and view !
 The rooms are not all that big .
 Expensive Parking but great rooms .
 But I guess they have to make money somehow since they practically give their rooms away .
We   and, unfortunately, got to stay in three different rooms .
 Rooms were nicely furnished .
 The rooms are very clean, comfortable and spacious and up, to, date .
 I've olny ever stayed in the 'standard' rooms in this property, all of which are spacious and airy, and function well for both business or leisure travellers .
 It does suffer, however, from a trend that I have been noticing that as rooms at business class hotels are upgraded ,  particularly with a patch panel for the big LCD, TV ,  drawer space becomes less and less .
 We even got upgraded to one of the corner rooms   which also looked west toward Michigan Ave and the Wrigley building .
 The rooms were very clean, the service was polite and helpful, and it's near the heart of Chicago !
 You can see downtown and or the Navy Pier from most of the rooms .
 no more bathrobes in corner rooms suites  coffee service in room is parred way down  the buffet offered in the cafe is not as bountiful, although the cafe staff is inpeccable and extremely gracious and will bring you what you wish  check in staff not at all eager to upgrade you, even though you may be a frequent visitor .
 Our rooms were nice and didn't look worn or old .
 Rooms at the hotel are getting somewhat tired .
Great Location great rooms and bed but no help from desk personnel .
 While the rooms are quite nice, I was dismayed by the snotty service I received at the Swissotel in Chicago .
 Rooms are dated, our corner room's bathroom was shabby .
