 The rooms and common areas were bland and far from a top flight hotel .
 Rooms are dated, our corner room's bathroom was shabby .
 These rooms are right next to the elevators .
 But the rooms are large and nicely equipped with all the essentials of a business hotel .
 Then we were told that rooms on the top 5 or 6 floors are all non, smoking .
One thing that struck me as backward is that they charge $10 per 24 hours of internet usage in certain guest rooms .
 So, in all, I would definitely stay hereagain, even though the service stinks, the restaurantis for rich patrons with money to blow and the peopleare snobs, the rooms make up for it .
 But we really did spend very little time in our rooms .
 Suspecting the rooms were allocated under the control of large travel agencies, I immediately called a friend and had them book me using hotels .
The view from the rooms was fantastic,My daughters are allergic to feathers and all trace of them were removed from the room as soon as we advised housekeeping .
 Since we were staying during busy Memorial weekend all the good rooms filled up quickly .
 The decor of the rooms and the communal areas is really dated, looks like it hasn't been touched for years .
 word to the wise, , avoid the rooms ending with 11 .
 Our family of 4 frequents Chicago and oftentime forgoes the comfort of a more spacious suite just to experience the thrill of the view of the river and Navy Pier that Swissotel's Lakeview rooms provide .
I did notice that the bottles of water that they have in the rooms sell for $6 which I think is rediculous .
 Rooms very spacious and clean .
 The rooms are large, the view was wonderful overlooking Navy Pier .
 The views are fabulous, the rooms clean and roomy .
 I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the rooms .
I called in a few hours before check in time to see if any rooms were available for check, in, the operator connected me to the reservations desk .
 The hotel looks like an office tower, the rooms look like converted boardrooms and the place has all of the charm of a Fortune 500 executive suite .
The rooms were spotlessly clean and serviced each day .
 We were 2 rooms away from the elevators but could hear them clearly .
 The rooms were very spacious and clean, especially for downtown Chicago standards .
 The rooms are bright and airy with wonderful beds and bedding .
