The rooms are in pretty shabby condition , but they are clean .
The rooms are spacious and have nice views, I was NOT impressed with the mattress and every, little, tiny thing costs money .
The rooms look like they were just remodled and upgraded, there was an HD TV and a nice iHome docking station to put my iPod so I could set the alarm to wake up with my music instead of the radio .
The rooms were cleaned spic and span every day .
When I got to the room , I thought the new rooms would have a plasma since the website implies the new rooms would have them , but I guess those come later .
Very impressed with rooms and view !
The rooms are not all that big .
Expensive Parking but great rooms .
Rooms were nicely furnished .
The rooms are very clean , comfortable and spacious and up-to-date .
I've olny ever stayed in the 'standard' rooms in this property , all of which are spacious and airy , and function well for both business or leisure travellers .
It does suffer , however , from a trend that I have been noticing that as rooms at business class hotels are upgraded ,  particularly with a patch panel for the big LCD , TV , drawer space becomes less and less .
We even got upgraded to one of the corner rooms which also looked west toward Michigan Ave and the Wrigley building .
The rooms were very clean , the service was polite and helpful , and it's near the heart of Chicago !
You can see downtown and or the Navy Pier from most of the rooms .
no more bathrobes in corner rooms suites , coffee service in room is parred way down , the buffet offered in the cafe is not as bountiful , although the cafe staff is inpeccable and extremely gracious and will bring you what you wish , check in staff not at all eager to upgrade you, even though you may be a frequent visitor .
Our rooms were nice and didn't look worn or old .
Rooms at the hotel are getting somewhat tired .
Great Location great rooms and bed but no help from desk personnel .
While the rooms are quite nice , I was dismayed by the snotty service I received at the Swissotel in Chicago .
Rooms are dated , our corner room's bathroom was shabby .
The hotel was very nice , rooms were big , the pool hot tub area was very nice , and the location was great and easy to get to .
Rooms are good quality and clean , what you would expect from a four star business hotel .
The view from the rooms was fantastic , My daughters are allergic to feathers and all trace of them were removed from the room as soon as we advised housekeeping .
The Swissotel is one of our favorite hotels in Chicago and the corner rooms have the most fantastic views in the city .
Then again , the rooms are much larger and the view more than makes up for it .
Rooms in similar hotels would usually be about $250 , 300 .
The actual hotel and rooms were very nice with amazing views , the staff was extremely rude .
The rooms were clean , and upscale for the low price we paid .
Thanks to TravelZoo I was able to find an amazing deal , lakeside rooms for $129 night as part of a spring promotion .
I recieved a great deal on the rooms here and it was wonderful .
The room was huge as hotel rooms go .
Hotel was very clean and the rooms were comfy .
word to the wise , avoid the rooms ending with 11 .
The rooms are large and well , appointed , the staff was very professional and friendly , and the view was striking !
